* WHAT'S NEW, SCOOBY-DOO? *
* WE'RE COMING AFTER YOU *
* WE'RE GONNA SOLVE
THAT MYSTERY *
* I SEE YOU, SCOOBY-DOO *
* THE TRAIL
LEADS BACK TO YOU *
* WHAT'S NEW, SCOOBY-DOO? *
* WE'RE GONNA FOLLOW YOU *
* YOU'RE GONNA SOLVE
THAT MYSTERY *
* WE SEE YOU, SCOOBY-DOO *
* WE'RE COMING AFTER YOU *
* WHAT'S NEW, SCOOBY-DOO? *
* DON'T LOOK BACK *
* YOU MAY FIND
ANOTHER CLUE *
* SCOOBY SNAX WILL BE
WAITING HERE FOR YOU *
* WHAT'S NEW, SCOOBY-DOO? *
* WE'RE COMING AFTER YOU *
* WE'RE GONNA SOLVE
THAT MYSTERY *
* I SEE YOU, SCOOBY-DOO *
* THE TRAIL
LEADS BACK TO YOU *
* WHAT'S NEW, SCOOBY-DOO? *
* NA-NA NA-NA NA *
* NA-NA NA NA NA-NA NA *
* NA-NA NA-NA NA
NA-NA NA-NA NA *
* WHAT'S NEW,
SCOOBY-DOO? *
BIEN, CARRO.
[GASPS]
HASTA LAVISTA, NIÑO.
[SCREECHES]
AAH!
[CRASH]
[SCREECHES]
Announcer: HOLA, RACE FANS.
I'M HERRERA, COMING TO YOU
FROM VIEJO NUEVO, MEXICO.
WHERE WE'RE MOMENTS
FROM THE START
OF THE ENDURO-SLAM 5000--
A 24 HOUR, BONE RATTLING
OFF ROAD RACE
ACROSS TREACHEROUS DESERT.
I'M HERE WITH
LOCAL DIRTBIKE LEGEND
ROBERTO TORRES.
HOW'S YOUR COMPETITION
LOOKING THIS YEAR, ROBERTO?
PRETTY TOUGH, HYMIE.
BUT ANYONE WHO ENTERS
THE ENDURO-SLAM
HAS GOTTA BE GUTSY,
DETERMINED,
AND ABSOLUTELY FEARLESS.
[CAR BACKFIRES]
[BOTH GASP]
ALL SET FOR THE RACE, GANG.
GOSH,
I FEEL SO RUGGED.
DOES THIS HELMET
CLASH WITH MY JUMPER?
UH, NO.
A 24 HOUR
OFF ROAD RACE--
THIS HAS GOT TO BE
THE CRAZIEST THING
WE'VE EVER DONE--
WILLINGLY.
Fred: NO WORRIES, GANG.
I'VE TRICKED OUT
THE MYSTERY MACHINE
WITH EVERYTHING WE NEED
FOR OFF ROAD
RACING--
HIGHBOY SUSPENSION,
BIG BOY RADIALS,
BAD BOY HIGH BEAMS,
IT'S ALL GOOD.
DON'T FORGET
THE FAT BOY FRIDGE
SCOOB AND I ADDED.
IT'S, LIKE,
TOTALLY STOCKED.
HA HA. WELL, IT WAS,
BEFORE THAT LONG WAIT
AT THE BORDER.
[LAUGHS]
MMM. PAPAYA.
HEY, IT'S 5 TIME
ENDURO-SLAM CHAMP
LUPE GESARES.
YOU'RE
THE MAN, LUPE.
SENORITA TO YOU.
OH.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOUR CAR?
I WAS TAKING
A PRACTICE RUN
WHEN I RAN INTO
THE GIANT WORM.
[LAUGHS]
SOUNDED LIKE SHE SAID
"GIANT WORM."
THAT'S JUST RACER LINGO.
RUNNING INTO
A GIANT WORM
IS LIKE HITTING
THE WALL. RIGHT, LUPE?
NO, IT'S LIKE RUNNING
INTO A GIANT WORM.
EL GUSANO GRANDE.
UM, IF THERE'S
A GIANT WORM OUT THERE,
MAYBE THE RACE
SHOULD BE POSTPONED.
YEAH. HEH HEH.
I SECOND THAT MOTION.
EL GUSANO WILL NOT
STOP THE RACE
OR STOP LUPE GESARES
FROM WINNING.
[CHANTING]
OFF ROAD RACERS
EARTH DISGRACERS!
EARTH DISGRACERS!...
LOOKS LIKE A MONSTER WORM
ISN'T THE ONLY THING
CAUSING PROBLEMS
AROUND HERE.
A LOT OF FOLKS THINK
THESE TYPE OF RACES
ARE BAD FOR
THE ENVIRONMENT.
ALL THOSE GAS GUZZLERS.
SO TRUE, VELMA.
THAT'S WHY MY CAR'S
LUNAR POWERED.
GIBBY NORTON?
YOU TWO KNOW EACH OTHER?
WE MET AT SCIENCE CAMP.
WE WERE LAB PARTNERS.
IF THAT'S WHAT
YOU WANNA CALL IT.
Fred: THAT'S
AN INTERESTING RIG,
FRIEND.
LOOKS A LITTLE DELICATE
FOR OFF ROAD SURVIVAL,
THOUGH.
WE'LL SEE ABOUT--
SWEET RIDE, DUDE.
THANKS. RIGHT BACK
AT 'CHA, FELLA.
NAME'S BURT BATSON.
WHAT KINDA HORSES YOU GOT?
400 BIG ONES.
NO, I MEANT REAL HORSES.
'CAUSE YOU'RE
GONNA NEED 'EM
TO PULL THAT HEAP
OUT OF THE DITCH
I'M GONNA DUMP IT IN.
SEE YOU AT
THE FINISH LINE--
NOT!
[LAUGHS]
FRED, ARE YOU SURE
YOU'VE DRIVEN
OFF ROAD BEFORE?
WELL, NOT EXACTLY.
BUT I GOT A HIGH SCORE
IN VIDEO DIRT DEMON.
FAST MOVE!
I'M SUDDENLY VERY AFRAID.
LOOKS LIKE THE FIRST CAR
THROUGH A PLACE CALLED
DIABLO GULCH WINS.
DIABLO--
ISN'T THAT SPANISH
FOR "DEVIL?"
RELAX. WE GOT
A LONG WAY TO GO
BEFORE WE GET
TO DIABLO GULCH.
LOOK OUT!
IT'S THE MONSTER WORM!
IT'S JUST AN
OLD STATUE, SHAGGY.
Velma: ACTUALLY,
STATUES LIKE THAT
ARE COMMON HERE.
THEY'RE A TRIBUTE
FROM ANCIENT FARMERS
WHO RELIED ON WORMS
TO FERTILIZE
THE DESERT SOIL.
HEY, I WONDER
IF THAT'S WHAT
LUPE GESARES RAN INTO?
NO WAY TO FIND OUT NOW.
I THINK THIS GUY
MASTERED VIDEO DIRT DEMON
EVEN BETTER
THAN YOU DID, FRED.
OR NOT.
IF WE COULD PASS
THAT MOTORCYCLE,
WE'LL BE IN THE LEAD.
GREAT, AND ONLY
23 HOURS LEFT OF THIS
RAW ROAD RUDENESS.
YEAH, ISN'T IT GREAT?
HA! WE'VE GOT YOU--
NOW?
WHERE'D THEY GO?
UP THERE!
Both: HELP!
HOW'D THEY GET
IN THAT TREE?
[RUMBLING]
All: AAH!
[SCREECHES]
[ALL GASP]
[SCREECHING]
WHO'S IN THE LEAD NOW?
HA HA HA!
LIKE, THE GIANT WORM
IS REAL.
IT'S A DIFFERENT RACE
NOW, GANG.
THERE'S A MYSTERY
WRIGGLING AROUND.
GOOD THING THE WORM
ONLY POPPED A TIRE.
HEY, WHERE'S THE JACK?
OH, I HAD TO TAKE OUT THAT
TO MAKE ROOM FOR A FEW EXTRA
OFF ROAD MODIFICATIONS.
LIKE WHAT?
HYDROLIC LIFTERS,
EJECTOR SEAT,
EMERGENCY
FLOTATION DEVICE.
WHY WOULD WE NEED
A FLOTATION DEVICE
IN THE MIDDLE
OF THE DESERT?
WELL, YOU NEVER KNOW WHEN
A FLASH FLOOD MIGHT HIT.
BESIDES, WHO NEEDS A JACK
WHEN YOU'VE GOT
A FIRST RATE PIT CREW?
HUH?
[BOTH GRUNTING]
NOW I UNDERSTAND WHY
THEY CALL IT A "PIT CREW."
HA HA HA.
LIKE, IT'S THE PITS.
THERE. ALL DONE.
[BOTH PANT, GASP]
LIKE, IT'S THE WORM!
Both: OW! OW! OW!
OOH! OW! OW! OW!
GUYS, IT'S JUST A SHADOW
FROM SCOOBY'S TAIL.
HA HA HA! OW!
HEY, GOOD ONE,
SCOOB. OW!
JUST ONE MORE, SCOOB.
OW! SHEESH.
Both: AAH! AAH! AAH!
OW! OW! OW!
AAH! YEE-HAW!
WHOA!
JINKIES! IT'S CUTTING
RIGHT ACROSS THE RACE COURSE.
I CAN MAKE IT.
I WAS WRONG!
All: PHEW!
THAT WAS CLOSE.
[CREAKS]
EVERYONE
SLIDE FORWARD.
NO, NO,
THE OTHER FORWARD!
LIKE, LOOKS LIKE
THE RACE IS OVER--
[WHIMPERS]
FOR US.
All: AAH!
WOW, THAT THING TOOK OFF
LIKE A JET.
UNFORTUNATELY CATCHING US
IN ITS TAIL WIND!
WOW, YOUR FLOTATION DEVICE
ACTUALLY CAME IN HANDY.
PONTOONS--DON'T
LEAVE HOME WITHOUT 'EM.
LOOK, IT'S ROBERTO TORRES'
MOTORCYCLE.
BUT WHERE IS HE?
LIKE, MAYBE
THE GIANT WORM GOT HIM.
[ALL WHIMPERING]
Fred: HEY,
THE PROTESTERS WE SAW
AT THE START OF THE RACE.
WHAT ARE THEY DOING
DOWN HERE?
WHAT ARE WE DOING
AND EXACTLY WHERE IS HERE?
WHY, WORMTOPIA,
OF COURSE,
THE ANCIENT HOME
OF THE GREAT WORM
GUSANO GRANDE.
EL GUSANO.
WELL, WE'RE SORRY
FOR THE INTRUSION.
BUT WE REALLY DO NEED
TO GET OUT OF HERE.
[CHUCKLES]
WE'LL BE HAPPY TO
SHOW YOU THE WAY OUT
AFTER THE GREAT
WORMIAN FEAST.
THERE'S A FEAST?
YES, AND YOU'RE
THE GUESTS OF HONOR.
OH, GREAT WORM,
ACCEPT THIS OFFERING
OF EVILDOERS
WHO DARE TO DESICRATE
YOUR SACRED SHRINE
WITH THEIR NASTY
OFF ROAD VEHICLES.
LIKE,
THIS IS AN HONOR?
NEVER TRUST ANYONE
WEARING A WORM SUIT.
[SCREECH]
[GASPS]
IT IS THE GREAT ONE.
GUSANO LIVES!
All: LONG LIVE THE WORM.
LONG LIVE GUSANO GRANDE!
LOOKS LIKE
WE'RE WORM FOOD.
THERE'S A TUNNEL
OUT OF HERE.
BUT WE'LL NEVER GET PAST
THESE WORM DUDES.
UNLESS WE CAN
DISTRACT THEM SOMEHOW.
HEH. TOO BAD WE DON'T HAVE
AN EARLY BIRD TO GET THE WORM.
HEY, LIKE,
WHO SAYS WE DON'T?
[WHISPERS]
Scooby: CAW! CAW!
All: AAH!
WHAT?
Scooby: CAW! CAW!
OH, HA HA.
HOW DO YOU
DO THAT, SCOOB?
[MAN SINGING IN SPANISH]
[SCREECHES]
Both: WHOA!
LOOKS LIKE WE'RE STILL
IN THE RACE.
GRACIAS, AMIGOS.
YOU SAVED MY LIFE.
[ALL SCREAM]
OH!
HEY, WATCH IT.
YOU SCRATCHED MY CAR.
THE HALFWAY POINT
OF THE RACE.
WE'D BETTER FILL UP.
YOU HEARD THE MAN, SCOOB.
2 BOWLS OF BEANS,
PLEASE.
REAH.
THOSE CREEPY
WORM WORSHIPPERS
AREN'T THE ONLY ONES
TRYING TO GET RID
OF THE COMPETITION.
I'M SURPRISED
YOU MADE IT THIS FAR.
YOU'RE TOUGHER
THAN YOU LOOK.
WELL, NOT TO BOAST,
BUT I CAN BENCH 220.
GIBBY? YOU MADE IT
ACROSS THAT FISSURE?
PIECE OF CAKE,
EXCEPT I SPRUNG
A RADIATOR LEAK
IN THE PROCESS.
THAT'S A TOUGH BREAK,
BUDDY.
YOU'LL NEVER GET
A NEW RADIATOR OUT HERE.
DON'T NEED ONE.
MY CAR HAS AN ENGINE
IN THE FRONT
AND ONE IN THE REAR.
IT'S DESIGNED TO BE DRIVEN
FROM EITHER END.
WOW, PRETTY COOL.
YOU TALKIN' ABOUT
THE CAR OR ME?
GOSH, WE WERE
REALLY LOW ON FUEL.
COME ON, GUYS.
WE'RE ALL GASSED UP.
YEAH, SO ARE...
DON'T EVEN.
Fred: WE'RE OUT OF GAS.
SOMEONE SABOTAGED
OUR FUEL TANK.
WE'D BETTER GET BACK
TO THE GAS STATION.
[SCREECHES]
Shaggy: OR NOT.
WHOA!
AAH!
[ALL WHIMPER]
ZOINKS! LIKE, HOW ARE WE
GONNA WORM OUR WAY
OUT OF THIS ONE?
QUICK,
POP THE HOOD.
BATTERY, WATER...
BOBBY PIN.
[ENGINE STARTS]
VOILA.
WOW, DAPHNE,
A HYDRO ELECTRIC
FUEL SOURCE
FROM THINGS FOUND
IN YOUR PURSE.
NO BIGGIE.
HEY, DID YOU GUYS
SEE HOW THE WORM
WENT AROUND THE ROCK?
HMM.
HUH? AH.
[TIRES SCREECH]
WE'RE SAFE UP HERE.
IT DOESN'T LOOK LIKE
IT CAN BURROW THROUGH
SOLID ROCK.
LOOK--
DIABLO GULCH.
Fred: THE FINISH LINE
IS THROUGH
THAT NARROW CANYON.
BE MY GUEST,
HEH, HEH, HEH.
THAT WORM'S
GONNA WASTE HIM.
WE'D BETTER ROLL.
[TIRES SCREECH]
HEY! WE'RE TRYING
TO HELP YOU, PAL!
NAH-UH. YOU'RE JUST TRYIN'
TO GET TO DIABLO GULCH FIRST.
DAPHNE,
TAKE THE WHEEL.
CAREFUL, FREDDY.
LOOK WHAT YOU DID
TO MY RIDE!
[SCREECHING]
YEE-HAW!
LIKE, PLEASE--DON'T SAY
WE'RE GOIN' AFTER THAT GUY.
THERE'S NOTHING
WE CAN DO FOR HIM.
BUT WE CAN
STOP THAT WORM
BEFORE IT HURTS
ANY OTHER RACERS.
[WHIMPERS]
OKAY, HERE'S THE PLAN:
THE ENGINE SOUND
SHOULD ATTRACT THE WORM.
NOW WHEN IT COMES OUT,
YOU GUYS LEAD IT
INTO THE GULCH.
YOU READY?
Both: UH-UH.
WHAT'S THAT?
CAN'T HEAR YOU
OVER THE ENGINE NOISE.
[TIRES SQUEAL]
Both: AAH!
[SCREECHES]
HEY, FRED'S PLAN
ACTUALLY WORKED.
[SCREECHES]
ZOINKS!
WHO CUT THE NET?
All: LONG LIVE GUSANO!
THE WORMIANS, OF COURSE.
[SCREECHING]
FRED, WHAT ARE
YOU DOING?
[TIRES SQUEAL]
[HISSES]
All: HAIL THE WORM.
[TIRES SQUEAL]
NO! FREDDY!
All: AAH!
Both: AAH! AAH!
[BOTH GRUNT]
JEEPERS!
WHERE'D HE GO?
I DON'T REMEMBER
A SUNROOF.
IT'S PART OF
THE EJECTOR SEAT SYSTEM
I INSTALLED.
PRETTY STYLIN', HUH?
HELP! HELP!
Velma:
COME ON OUT...
GIBBY.
All: GIBBY NORTON?
LIKE, HOW DID YOU KNOW
IT WAS HIM, VELMA?
I FIGURED THE WORM
HAD TO BE A RACER.
BECAUSE IT ALWAYS
WENT AFTER THE LEADER.
IT WANTED TO WIN.
MY FIRST CLUE WAS
THIS PIECE OF WORM TOOTH.
IT'S BLACK GLASS
LIKE THE LUNAR PANELS
ON GIBBY'S CAR.
THEN THE WORM
OOZED GREEN STUFF
JUST LIKE THE FLUID
FROM HIS RADIATOR.
I DIDN'T WANNA
HURT ANYONE.
I JUST WANTED
TO IMPRESS VELMA
WITH MY SUPER COOL
WORM MOBILE.
YOU MEAN,
YOU DID IT FOR ME?
YEP, AND I WOULD HAVE
GOTTEN AWAY WITH IT,
IF NOT FOR YOU MEDDLING
OFF THE ROAD RACERS.
SO WHO WON THE RACE?
ACTUALLY, NO ONE DID.
WITH THE GULCH BLOCKED,
YOU'D HAVE TO GO ON FOOT.
RUN FOR IT!
[ALL LAUGH, CHATTER]
JINKIES! SCOOBY WON!
[CHEERS]
SCOOBY-OOBY-OOBY-OOBY
SCOOBY DOO!